Nussbaum introduces two heavy-duty
mobile column lifts to fit most
automotive and truck needs the MCS
48,000 mobile system can lift up to
12,000 pounds per column to a height of
63 inches the MCS 66,000 will lift up to
16,000 500 pounds per column to a height
of sixty four and a half inches the
columns are easily maneuvered and can
even work in tight quarters with a
convenient removable third wheel
Nussbaum Forks adjust easily to any tire
width from 13 to 24 and a half inches
without needing to keep track of
inconvenient adapters at the heart of
each Nussbaum column is the exclusive
SST hydraulic cylinder when the motor
stops the locknut seats preventing the
cylinder from moving at any height the
encoder ring enables the system to
measure cylinder stroke to within 1/10
of one millimeter together these combine
to make the safest lifting system
available
Nussbaum stands have a spring assist for
easy adjustment and they're rated at
sixteen thousand five hundred pounds
Nussbaum mobile lifts German innovation
safety and reliability
you